## Related Built-in Rules

The following Sekoia.io built-in rules match the intake **WatchGuard Firebox**. This documentation is updated automatically and is based solely on the fields used by the intake which are checked against our rules. This means that some rules will be listed but might not be relevant with the intake.

[SEKOIA.IO x WatchGuard Firebox on ATT&CK Navigator](https://mitre-attack.github.io/attack-navigator/#layerURL=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FSEKOIA-IO%2Fdocumentation%2Fmain%2F_shared_content%2Foperations_center%2Fdetection%2Fgenerated%2Fattack_d719e8b5-85a1-4dad-bf71-46155af56570_do_not_edit_manually.json){ .md-button }
??? abstract "Bazar Loader DGA (Domain Generation Algorithm)"
    
    Detects Bazar Loader domains based on the Bazar Loader DGA
    
    - **Effort:** elementary

??? abstract "Burp Suite Tool Detected"
    
    Burp Suite is a cybersecurity tool. When used as a proxy service, its purpose is to intercept packets and modify them to send them to the server. Burp Collaborator is a network service that Burp Suite uses to help discover many kinds of vulnerabilities (vulnerabilities scanner)
    
    - **Effort:** intermediate

??? abstract "EvilProxy Phishing Domain"
    
    Detects subdomains potentially generated by the EvilProxy adversary-in-the-middle phishing platform. Inspect the other subdomains of the domain to identify the landing page, and determine if the user submitted credentials. This rule has a small percentage of false positives on legitimate domains.
    
    - **Effort:** intermediate

??? abstract "Potential Azure AD Phishing Page (Adversary-in-the-Middle)"
    
    Detects an HTTP request to an URL typical of the Azure AD authentication flow, but towards a domain that is not one the legitimate Microsoft domains used for Azure AD authentication.
    
    - **Effort:** intermediate

??? abstract "Potential DNS Tunnel"
    
    Detects domain name which is longer than 95 characters. Long domain names are distinctive of DNS tunnels.
    
    - **Effort:** advanced

??? abstract "SEKOIA.IO Intelligence Feed"
    
    Detect threats based on indicators of compromise (IOCs) collected by SEKOIA's Threat and Detection Research team.
    
    - **Effort:** elementary

??? abstract "Sliver DNS Beaconing"
    
    Detects suspicious DNS queries known from Sliver beaconing 
    
    - **Effort:** intermediate

??? abstract "Telegram Bot API Request"
    
    Detects suspicious DNS queries to api.telegram.org used by Telegram Bots of any kind
    
    - **Effort:** advanced
