---
title: "create_a_format"
category: "formats"
---
# Create a new format

## Technical Requirements

- Clone the Github repository [SEKOIA-IO/intake-formats](https://github.com/SEKOIA-IO/intake-formats)

## Create a module

If the module that will contain your format doesn't exist, you will need to create it.

To create a new module, follow these steps: 

1. Execute the following command:

  ```bash
  > cd ~/dev/intake-formats/utils
  > poetry run python3 generate.py new-module
  ```

2. Complete the form with the name of the module, its description and its destination directory. 
  A new directory, with the name of the module, will appear at the root of your workspace.

3. In the `_meta` directory, add a logo to illustrate your module with the following criteria:

  - The logo must be a PNG image
  - The logo must be named `logo.png`
  - The background must be transparent
  - The image must be squared, ie the width is equal to the height
  - The weight of the logo must be lesser than 50kb

## Create a format

To create a new format, follow these steps: 

1. Execute the following command:

  ```bash
  > cd ~/dev/intake-formats/utils
  > poetry run python3 generate.py new-format <module_directory>
  ```

2. Complete the form with the name of the format, its slug and a description. 
 Your new format will appear, as a directory, under its module directory.

3. Open your format’s manifest (`_meta/manifest.yml`) and provide some [data sources](datasources.md) with a description for each one

4. In the `_meta` directory, add a logo to illustrate your format with the following criteria:

  - The logo must be a PNG image
  - The logo must be named `logo.png`
  - The background must be transparent
  - The image must be squared, ie the width is equal to the height
  - The weight of the logo must be lesser than 50kb.

## Create the parser

To create the parser, follow these steps: 

1. In the format directory, go to the `ingest` folder and edit `parser.yml`

2. Follow [this guide](parser.md) to develop the parser

Note that the parser must generate [structured events](structured_event.md) that respect the [taxonomy of the format](taxonomy.md)

## Create a test

To create the test file, follow these steps: 

1. From a sample event, use [create_test.py](https://github.com/SEKOIA-IO/intake-formats/blob/main/utils/create_test.py) to create a new test file

  ```bash
  > cd ~/dev/intake-formats/utils
  > poetry run python3 create_test.py ~/dev/intake-formats/<module>/<format>/tests/test_my_event.json <event>
  > cat /tmp/raw_event.txt | poetry run python3 create_test.py ~/dev/intake-formats/<module>/<format>/tests/test_my_second_event.json -
  ```

2. Complete the test file with expected fields

## Run tests

Tests are run from the `intake-formats/utils` directory. 

```bash
> cd ~/dev/intake-formats/utils
> poetry run pytest test_formats.py -vv               # run tests for all parsers
> poetry run pytest test_formats.py -vv --changes     # run tests only for updated parsers
> poetry run pytest test_formats.py --module='module-name' -vv # run tests for a specific module
> poetry run pytest test_formats.py --format='format-name' -vv # run tests for a specific format
> poetry run pytest test_formats.py --format='format-name' --fix-expectations # fix test expectations
```

## Write smart descriptions

The [structured events](structured_event.md), generated by the parser can be hardly readable for a human. The smart descriptions will define how to describe the events and which important information must be displayed in the description to ease the decision-making process.

To write smart descriptions, follow these steps:

1. In the format directory, go to the `_meta` folder and edit `smart-descriptions.json`
  
2. Follow [this guide](smartdescriptions.md) to write smart descriptions for your format
