#Securing your SEKOIA account with two-factor authentication

**Two-factor authentication** adds additional security to your SEKOIA account by requiring a second step to sign in. It requires you to give a 6-digit verification code generated from your phone in addition to your username and password login.

When two-factor authentication is enabled, you will need your **password** and a **verification code** from your phone whenever you sign in on SEKOIA.IO platform.

## How do I enable two-factor authentication?

- Log in to SEKOIA.IO platform
- Click on your profile picture and select **settings** to access the User center
- Under User > Security, click on the button **Enable Two-Factor Authentication**
- Follow the steps to complete the process
- Enter your password
- Set up your **authenticator app** (see ‘Get the code through an authenticator app’ below for more information)
- Enter your 6-digit code
- Generate and save your backup codes

## Get the code through an authenticator app

A **time-based one-time password (TOTP)** application automatically generates an **authentication code** that changes after a certain period of time. Here are a few we suggest:

- Google Authenticator
- Authy
- LastPass authenticator
- 1Password

To use one of these apps:

While enabling, you’ll see a modal with a **QR code** you will use to register your SEKOIA account with your authenticator app. Open your authenticator and follow the instructions given to you and scan the QR code when asked by the app.

Once your app is configured, enter the **security code** generated by your authenticator app to complete the two-factor authentication process.

## Generate backup codes

If you lose your mobile device or cannot use your authenticator app, you can use backup codes provided by SEKOIA to access your account. **Ten backup codes** are generated. Each code can be used only **one time**.

When enabling two-factor authentication, backup codes are generated automatically and you can either **copy** them or **download** them as a text file.

You can also generate new backup codes but keep in mind that your old codes will not work anymore.

We recommend you **print off** and **store your codes** in a safe location.

## Log in with backup codes

To log in with your backup codes, you will need to:

- Locate your backup codes
- Sign into SEKOIA.IO
- Enter your username and password
- When asked for your verification code, enter the backup code and select **verify**

## How to disable two-factor authentication

To disable two-factor authentication on your SEKOIA account:

- Log in to your SEKOIA account
- Click on your profile picture and select settings to access the User center
- Under User > Security, click on the button Disable Two-Factor Authentication
- Enter your password and select **disable**
