# Set up account security
## Two-factor authentication 

**Two-factor authentication** adds additional security to your SEKOIA.IO account by requiring a second step to sign in. It requires you to give a 6-digit verification code generated from your phone in addition to your username and password login.

When two-factor authentication is enabled, you will need your `password` and a `verification cod`e from your phone whenever you want to sign in on SEKOIA.IO platform.

### How do I enable two-factor authentication?

To enable two-factor authentication, follow these instructions: 

1. Log in to SEKOIA.IO platform
2. Click on your profile picture and select `settings` to access the User center
3. Under User > Security, click on the button `Enable Two-Factor Authentication`
4. Follow the steps to complete the process
5. Enter your password
6. Set up your `authenticator app` (see ‘Get the code through an authenticator app’ below for more information)
7. Enter your `6-digit code`
8. Generate and save your backup codes

### Get the code through an authenticator app

A **time-based one-time password (TOTP)** application automatically generates an **authentication code** that changes after a certain period of time. Here are a few we suggest:

- Google Authenticator
- Authy
- LastPass authenticator
- 1Password

While enabling your 2FA, you’ll see a modal with a `QR code` you’ll use to register your SEKOIA.IO account with your authenticator app. Open your authenticator app, follow the instructions given to you and scan the QR code when asked by the app.

Once your app is configured, enter the `security code` generated by your authenticator app to complete the two-factor authentication process.

### Generate backup codes

If you lose your mobile device or cannot use your authenticator app, you can use backup codes provided by SEKOIA to access your account. **Ten backup codes** are generated. Each code can be used only **one time**.

When enabling two-factor authentication, backup codes are generated automatically and you can either `copy` them or `download` them as a text file.

You can also generate new backup codes but keep in mind that your old codes will not work anymore.

We recommend you print off and store your codes in a safe location.

### Log in with backup codes

To log in with your backup codes, you will need to:

1. Locate your backup codes
2. Sign into SEKOIA.IO
3. Enter your `username` and `password`
4. When asked for your verification code, enter the backup code and select `verify`

### How to disable two-factor authentication

To disable two-factor authentication on your SEKOIA account:

1. Log in to your SEKOIA account
2. Click on your profile picture and select `settings` to access the User center
3. Under User > Security, click on the button `Disable Two-Factor Authentication`
4. Enter your actual password and select `disable`

## Security tokens
In SEKOIA.IO, we support Web Authentication and we value high security standards. That’s why our users can use multiple tools to sign in on the platform in the fastest and most secure way possible. 

Depending on your web browser, you’ll be able to use security tokens to connect to the platform. These tokens can be `physical` (a USB security key) or `embedded` in your machine (fingerprint authentication).  

A security token can be used as your second factor of authentication instead of a verification code. 

### Add a security token

To add a security token and enhance the overall security of your account, follow these instructions: 

1. Go to the User Center > Account settings
2. In the Security section, click on `Add`
3. Enter your actual password 
4. Follow instructions in your browser to enroll your security token
5. Save your settings

!!! note
    Please note that Mozilla Firefox does not support fingerprint authentication. 

### Remove a security token

To remove or change a security token, simply go to your profile > security section, and click on `Disable` next to the Security Token section. Enter your password and save your changes.
