# 03/12/2018

This release brings a set of major features such as the support for the Delegation of permissions and the first components of a new SIC detection engine

## SIC Application
Profile pictures are very helpful elements in our interfaces. It allows SIC operators to easily know who did an action and gain some details on the underlying reasons. A simple but really effective optimization was done on our web pages to reduce the number of queries needed to retrieve profile pictures.

A SIC operator can preset the severity of a rule through its definition in its related template.

Ingested events are enriched with a short description, a source and a target. A SIC Operatior can leverage these information to get a clear and concise definition of the events that triggered the alert he is reviewing.

A SIC operator can request a notification with the content of the alert for every updates made on an alert (new comments, status changes, counter-measure updates, …). This notification is sent through the EventsAPI and is available as a stream.

Two assets can now share the same name to support any naming strategy followed by the user.

## SEKOIA.IO
There are avatars, API keys, and applications that require access to data and actions from other communities. To address this need, we added a Delegation mechanism to our APIs. A community can delegate a set of permissions to avatars or API keys of another community. The delegation is revocable at any time and community administrators can audit all delegations in their communities. A validity deadline can be set when creating the delegation.

SEKOIA.io database architecture is now based on a central database, hosted on multiple replicated servers. This release brings an automatic server failure detection to trigger the re-election of the principal database among the available databases thus improving our SLOs.

If you have any concerns, feel free to contact us at [support@sekoia.io](mailto:support@sekoia.io).
