uuid: caa13404-9243-493b-943e-9848cadb1f99
name: Office 365

## Overview
Office 365 is a line of subscription services offered by Microsoft as part of the Microsoft Office product line.

## Setup
This setup guide will show you how to forward events produced by Office 365 service to SEKOIA.IO.

Theses changes have to be made from the Azure web portal ([https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com)).

### 1. Event hubs

As a prerequisite you need an `Event Hubs` (e.g. company-eventhub) and to choose an existing `resourceGroup` or create a new one (e.g. company-resource-group).
You also need your `Subscription ID` if you don't have a default one.

Navigate to: `Home > Cost Management + Billing > Subscriptions`. From there, copy the relevant `Subscription ID` that will be used in the command line (e.g. uuid)

Then you use Azure powershell (within Cloud Shell interface for example): you will a create a global `Event Hubs`, then specific `Event Hub` (e.g. o365-event).

```powershell
PS Azure:\> az eventhubs namespace create --name company-eventhub --resource-group company-resource-group --enable-kafka true --subscription uuid

PS Azure:\> az eventhubs eventhub create --resource-group company-resource-group --namespace-name company-eventhub --name o365-event --message-retention 3 --partition-count 4 --subscription uuid
```

Navigate to: `Home > Event Hubs > company-eventhub - Shared access policies`. From there, you can create a policy (e.g. RootManageSharedAccessKey) with the claims `Manage`, `Send` and `Listen`, and note the `Primary Key` that will be used as the `SharedAccessKey`.

Navigate to: `Home > Event Hubs > company-eventhub > o365-event - Shared access policies`. From there, you can create a policy (e.g. sekoiaio-nifi) with the claims `Listen`. Once created, click on the policy and save the `Connection string-primary key`, to be sent to SEKOIA.IO.

Navigate to: `Home > Event Hubs > company-eventhub > o365-event - Consumer groups`. From there, you can create a consumer group (e.g. sekoiaio-nifi).

### 2. Office 365

Office 365 has to be added through Azure portal following the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/insights/solution-office-365)

Then you need to activate and configure the Office 365 diagnostic settings.

Navigate to: `Home > Office 365 > Monitoring > Diagnostic settings`:

- Add a new diagnostic setting, and select `Stream to an event hub`and click on configure.
- Select the previously created `Event hubs`, `Event Hub` and `SharedAccessKey`.
- Choose a name for this configuration and click on `Save`.

### 3. Enjoy your events

You can send to Sekoia the `Connection string-primary key` previously mentioned.

Once the configuration has been done on Sekoia side, you can go to the [events page](https://app.sekoia.io/sic/events) to watch your incoming events.

## Further Readings

- [Microsoft Stream Azure monitoring data to an event hub](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/stream-monitoring-data-event-hubs)
